com/dosse/speedtest/widget/TickLabelOrientation.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.TickLabelOrientation
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/AngleConicalGradient.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.AngleConicalGradient
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/Marker.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Marker
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Marker$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Marker$MarkerEvent
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Marker$MarkerType
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/skins/GaugeSkin.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.skins.GaugeSkin
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.skins.GaugeSkin$1
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/Needle.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Needle
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Needle$1
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/MarkerBuilder.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.MarkerBuilder
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/LcdFont.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdFont
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/skins/BarSkin.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.skins.BarSkin
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/events/UpdateEventListener.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.events.UpdateEventListener
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/skins/GaugeSkinBase.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.skins.GaugeSkinBase
com/dosse/speedtest/controllers/DialogSelectServer.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$DialogSelectServerController
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogSelectServer$onConfirmListener
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONArray.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONArray
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/MovingAverage.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.MovingAverage
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/LcdDesign.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$10
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$11
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$12
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$13
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$14
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$15
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$16
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$17
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$18
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$19
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$20
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$21
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$22
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$23
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$24
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$25
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$26
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$27
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$28
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$29
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$30
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$31
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$32
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$33
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$34
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$35
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$36
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$37
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$6
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$7
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$8
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.LcdDesign$9
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/Fonts.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Fonts
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONObject.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONObject
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONObject$1
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/TickMarkType.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.TickMarkType
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONException.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONException
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONString.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONString
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/SectionComparator.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.SectionComparator
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONTokener.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONTokener
com/dosse/speedtest/ServerItemCreator.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.ServerItemCreator
 com.dosse.speedtest.ServerItemCreator$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.ServerItemCreator$onItemSelectListener
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/Statistics.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.Statistics
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSONStringer.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONStringer
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSONStringer$Scope
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/Gauge.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$10
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$100
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$101
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$102
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$103
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$104
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$105
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$106
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$107
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$108
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$109
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$11
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$110
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$111
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$112
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$12
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$13
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$14
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$15
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$16
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$17
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$18
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$19
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$20
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$21
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$22
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$23
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$24
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$25
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$26
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$27
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$28
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$29
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$30
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$31
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$32
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$33
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$34
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$35
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$36
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$37
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$38
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$39
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$40
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$41
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$42
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$43
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$44
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$45
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$46
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$47
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$48
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$49
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$50
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$51
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$52
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$53
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$54
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$55
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$56
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$57
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$58
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$59
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$6
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$60
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$61
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$62
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$63
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$64
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$65
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$66
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$67
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$68
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$69
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$7
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$70
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$71
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$72
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$73
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$74
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$75
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$76
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$77
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$78
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$79
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$8
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$80
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$81
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$82
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$83
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$84
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$85
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$86
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$87
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$88
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$89
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$9
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$90
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$91
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$92
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$93
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$94
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$95
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$96
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$97
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$98
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$99
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$ButtonEvent
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$KnobType
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$LedType
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$NeedleBehavior
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$NeedleShape
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$NeedleSize
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$NeedleType
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$ScaleDirection
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$SkinType
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Gauge$ThresholdEvent
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/events/UpdateEvent.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.events.UpdateEvent
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.events.UpdateEvent$EventType
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/TickLabelLocation.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.TickLabelLocation
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/json/JSON.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.json.JSON
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/GaugeBuilder.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeBuilder
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeBuilder$1
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/Section.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$6
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$7
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$8
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.Section$SectionEvent
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/ConicalGradient.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.ConicalGradient
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/Helper.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.Helper
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.Helper$1
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/GradientLookup.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.GradientLookup
com/dosse/speedtest/controllers/DialogShowPrivacy.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.controllers.DialogShowPrivacy$DialogShowPrivacyController
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/MarkerComparator.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.MarkerComparator
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/tools/Data.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.tools.Data
com/dosse/speedtest/widget/GaugeDesign.java
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$10
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$11
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$12
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$6
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$7
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$8
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$9
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$1
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$2
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$3
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$4
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$5
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$6
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$7
 com.dosse.speedtest.widget.GaugeDesign$GaugeBackground$8
